Ruby/README.md, before:

# rack-mini-profiler

Middleware that displays speed badge for every html page.

## What does it do

MiniProfiler keeps you aware of your site's performance as you are developing it.
It does this by....

`env['profiler.mini']` is the profiler 

## Using mini-profiler in your app

Install/add to Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'rack-mini-profiler'
```

Add it to your middleware stack:

Using Builder:

```ruby
require 'rack-mini-profiler'
builder = Rack::Builder.new do
  use Rack::MiniProfiler

  map('/')    { run get }
end
```

Using Sinatra:

```ruby
require 'rack-mini-profiler'
class MyApp < Sinatra::Base
  use Rack::MiniProfiler
end
```

## Running the Specs

```
$ rake build
$ rake spec
```

Additionally you can also run `autotest` if you like.


## TODO: prior to release - pull requests welcome

- Stack Traces for SQL called (added but mental, needs to be filtered to something usable) 
- Decide if we hook up SQL at the driver level (eg mysql gem) or library level (eg active record) - my personal perference is to do driver level hooks (Sam)
- Add automatic instrumentation for Rails (Controller times, Action times, Partial times, Layout times)
- Grab / display the parameters of SQL executed for parameterized SQL 
- Beef up the documentation 
- Auto-wire-up rails middleware 
- Review our API and ensure it is trivial
- Refactor big file into an organised structure, clean up namespacing 
- Add tests

Commit message:

Refs #27 - Use a Railtie to include the middleware automatically in Rails.

Ruby/README.md, after:

# rack-mini-profiler

Middleware that displays speed badge for every html page.

## What does it do

MiniProfiler keeps you aware of your site's performance as you are developing it.
It does this by....

`env['profiler.mini']` is the profiler 

## Using mini-profiler in your app

Install/add to Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'rack-mini-profiler'
```

Add it to your middleware stack:

Using Rails:

All you have to do is include the Gem and you're good to go.

Using Builder:

```ruby
require 'rack-mini-profiler'
builder = Rack::Builder.new do
  use Rack::MiniProfiler

  map('/')    { run get }
end
```

Using Sinatra:

```ruby
require 'rack-mini-profiler'
class MyApp < Sinatra::Base
  use Rack::MiniProfiler
end
```

## Running the Specs

```
$ rake build
$ rake spec
```

Additionally you can also run `autotest` if you like.


## TODO: prior to release - pull requests welcome

- Stack Traces for SQL called (added but mental, needs to be filtered to something usable) 
- Decide if we hook up SQL at the driver level (eg mysql gem) or library level (eg active record) - my personal perference is to do driver level hooks (Sam)
- Add automatic instrumentation for Rails (Controller times, Action times, Partial times, Layout times)
- Grab / display the parameters of SQL executed for parameterized SQL 
- Beef up the documentation 
- Auto-wire-up rails middleware 
- Review our API and ensure it is trivial
- Refactor big file into an organised structure, clean up namespacing 
- Add tests
